o11y docs (#345)
trycourier/docs: versioned_docs/version-2.0.0/guides/business/observability.mdx

- courier.message.sent
- courier.message.unique.opened
- courier.message.unique.clicked
- courier.message.total.opened
- courier.message.total.clicked

### User Profile

- courier.user.created
- courier.user.updated
- courier.user.deleted

### Channel Delivery

[channel] can be any of the following: `email`, `sms`, `push`, or `chat`.

- courier.[channel].delivered
- courier.[channel].error
- courier.[channel].sent
- courier.[channel].undeliverable

### List Subscription and Unsubscription

- courier.list.subscribed
- courier.list.unsubscribed

### Audiences

- courier.audience.matched
- courier.audience.unmatched

These metrics are sent in near real-time to your observability integration (Datadog) when a message is delivered, sent, or undeliverable from Courier. Metrics are pre-aggregated by a tumbling window of 10 seconds.

## Logs

Courier also provides logs that correspond to the metrics. These logs are also sent to your observability integration. Logs are sent in near real-time.

**Note:** All the metrics and logs are segmented by your Courier `environment`, which could be `production` or `test`. You can use this to filter the metrics and logs by environment.

> We are working on adding more metrics and logs. If you have any suggestions, please reach out to us.

Reviewer: Need more info on where/how they should reach out (is there a direct email or are we asking them to go to Discord?)

## Datadog

Courier supports Datadog as an observability integration. You can follow the steps below to setup the Datadog integration.

### Setup

- Create a Datadog account if you don't have one.
- Create a Datadog API key.
- Login to Courier and navigate to the Channels page.

> - Click on Datadog channel and enter the API key. (This is currently in beta. Please reach out to us to get access.)

Reviewer: Need more info on where/how they should reach out

- courier.list.subscribed
- courier.list.unsubscribed

### Audiences

- courier.audience.matched
- courier.audience.unmatched

These metrics are sent in near real-time to your observability integration (Datadog) when a message is delivered, sent, or undeliverable from Courier. Metrics are pre-aggregated by a tumbling window of 10 seconds.

## Logs

Courier also provides logs that correspond to the metrics. These logs are also sent to your observability integration. Logs are sent in near real-time.

**Note:** All the metrics and logs are segmented by your Courier `environment`, which could be `production` or `test`. You can use this to filter the metrics and logs by environment.

We are working on adding more metrics and logs. If you have any suggestions, please reach out to us at support@courier.com or via intercomm.

## Datadog

Courier supports Datadog as an observability integration. You can follow the steps below to setup the Datadog integration.

### Setup

- Create a Datadog account if you don't have one.
- Create a Datadog API key.
- Login to Courier and navigate to the Channels page.
- Click on Datadog channel and enter the API key.

### Dashboard

> Download the Courier Datadog Dashboard using this link to easily monitor Courier within Datadog.

Author: ```suggestion
Download the Courier Datadog Dashboard using the link below to easily monitor Courier within Datadog.
```

> You can use the download dashboard json and import the Courier dashboard into your Datadog account.

Author: ```suggestion
You can download the following dashboard JSON and import the Courier dashboard into your Datadog account to start getting the observability of Courier into Datadog. 
```

> You can download the following dashboard JSON and import the Courier dashboard into your Datadog account to start getting the observability of Courier into Datadog. 

Author: ```suggestion
Download the Courier Datadog Dashboard using this link to easily monitor Courier within Datadog.
```
